It has been the most enjoyable time with
nucleus
the most pleasant
see my son
I started pgb because it was his dream of him the
Little boy at nine ten years old he
he recorded only he said mommy because those
people to make laugh earn money and
they are paid, I want to be like them
and alone he starts singing and records
just in the mirror and said I'm going to be
on TV and I'm going to do something on TV
and I'm going to do someone and I said
get to study to study because
study is the recommendation of all
parents and five good deed
that was me I suffered a lot because every day
I was going and I started leaving him
possible and possible
possible and I already told my son and
went down much possible already said mom and if in
this week they do not choose me I retire
I said good I wish you the best luck and
God willing, not what you look at now
is the one that most soldiers charge
well it came true but I
I also said this first one I finished the
career is not going to leave me the race for
to be in work on it is in the programs
and many people realized how
He came out with his bags under his eyes because he was studying
night
his social service arrived very late
also that he said it why the bags
what did you have because if you see him more
I thought it was because of crying
women with whom I do not what is happening is
that my social service was eight
the night to seven in the morning then
in that time that I was at twelve
arrives at my house at eight I bathed myself
I slept to get up, pgb
I met him disciplined and from here I was going to
to work
7 the night I do not know anything else compadre
it's good then it is that in
such difficult times that we just had
practice this moment so father when
he already saw it on television many
Thanks for sharing with us
thanks to soria for listening to us and this
thank you because I see it